<!-- From the Deep Review, https://github.com/greenelab/deep-review -->

# Contribution guidelines for Deep Rules

Please see [`USAGE.md`](USAGE.md) for information on how to use the Manubot for
writing the manuscript. Below you'll find information on the contribution
workflow for Deep Rules.

## Issues

We use issues for discussion of papers, section outlines, and other structural
components of the paper.

## Pull requests

Contributions to the article operate on a pull request model. We expect
participants to actively review pull requests. We'd love to have you ask
questions, clarify points, and jump in and edit the text.

## Authorship

What qualifies as authorship? We use the [ICMJE
Guidelines](http://www.icmje.org/recommendations/browse/roles-and-responsibilities/defining-the-role-of-authors-and-contributors.html).
We expect authors to contribute to the overall design by participating in
issues, to contribute to the text by contributing sections and/or revisions to
sections through pull requests. It is important to note that, for authorship,
these should be substantial intellectual contributions.

## Peer review

All pull requests will undergo peer review. Participants in this project should
review proposed changes (pull requests), which can be done using [GitHub's
review interface](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-reviews/
"GitHub: about pull request reviews"). They should suggest modifications or,
potentially, directly edit the pull request to make suggested changes. As a
reviewer, it's helpful to note the type of review you performed: did you read
cited literature, look over the text in detail, or are you just supporting the
concept?

Before a repository maintainer merges a pull request, there must be at least one
affirmative review by someone other than the author and the maintainer. If there
is any unaddressed criticism or disapproval, a repository maintainer will
determine how to proceed and may wait for additional feedback. 

For minor changes (fixing a typo or similar), collaborators with push
privileges may push directly to the master branch. As a rule of thumb, if
someone could potentially disagree with the change, make a PR.
